Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to start our dropdown.
Okay, now what we can do.
First of all, we can give some breathing space between these edges over the column.
We can say cross axis alignment.
Cross axis alignment.
Dot center to take it to the center horizontally.
Okay.
And.
Not really much.
What we can also do is we can wrap this with a pad in a light and use control, controlling dot wrap
with padding.
And we're going to say five.
I think five is okay.
And go check this out.
You're going to see a little space over here.
Okay.
Seems good.
And now what we can do is the drop down button has a property known as border radius for the border
radius.
We can say border radius.
Even though it's secular.
Of maybe 50.
Okay.
And save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
And.
And click on this book, you can see and now we can change the color of the test to do that within the
dropdown, within the dropdown button.
It has a property known as STI.
And we can then say test STI.
We could change the colour of the test to say colours, the sign, colours the sign and hostel.
We can say font suite.
Font.
Sweet.
From tweets that both OC and we need this is control necessary now.
Okay.
Click on this link, you can see some skirt or maybe you could just get rid of this color.
And now, instead of this default color we have for the floating action button within the floating Asian
button, it has a property known as background color and we can then say colors the sign.
And train camera.
And over a year.
For the order.
I think we have to and for the order background color colors that sign.
Okay.
Just control and save.
And.
And I think it's taken.
Look I think they it it took the colour of white since we are isn't the star and we can't longer see
that.
Look, we're just going to use maybe black.
Over year.
Where?
Okay.
This notice we can.
Is black.
Colour colours the black.
Is control necessary?
You can click on this.
And I think it's taking longer these days.
Okay.
Simms Good.
You can just do this.
You can just hard for the older men and.
It is.
Okay.
And lastly, we are going to solve an issue.
Now click on this category and you can see we have this error.
And the reason for this is because we recently updated our category list with an extra value.
That is the subcategory value.
And because of that, the index is going to be mismatched.
So what we can do to update that, we have to go to the categories directory and hopefully you have
a list of categories and you can see for now I have just the main category created what you can just
create for the order, like the women shoes, kids and others.
And now what we have to do is you can see we have this a.
The men don't lens, which has to do with how many high temps we are going to have over here.
Right.
For this.
We know that to solve that error, we can minus one from it.
So it's not going to start content from the.
The first item we have over that is the.
The SOB.
That is the subcategory we have over here.
Right.
Okay.
And back to that.
So.
Okay.
It's controller and that's the save.
Sorry.
Not there.
Main category.
Okay.
Also, we have to increase the you can see we have this test, which is which is a subcategory value,
we have to say, plus one to increase it plus one.
So over here we are decreasing the length and for the subcategory name we are increasing by one.
And lastly, over here, we also have to say plus one.
Okay, I know you want to understand this, but most of the time you just have to go back to where we
created this categories directory and this main category because definitely you will forget most of
the things we are doing, but most of the time just have to go back to recheck again and that to understand.
Okay, you can see currently I have just this main category, but hopefully you have created the rest
categories yourself.
That is for the women and others.
You can see now.
It is now back.
Shared is shared.
T shirt is t shirt.
Jacket is jacket.
Suits is okay.
This is not suits.
I think that was a mistake we made before when creating this.
Okay.
And hopefully you've created for the women you've created for.
These shoes.
And if you've done that, all you just have to do is to change it the same way I just did.
But if you have not stock, the major thing is you understand what we are trying to do.
But I know definitely you must have forgotten what I just did, but most of the time you would want
to go back to the previous lecture.
You know, that's again, more understanding.
Right.
Okay.